== Catharsis
=== The first funding platform collaborative creative projects in Brazil

Welcome to the repository for the catharsis source code. The goal of opening the source is the create an open source community around a high-quality crowd-funding platform for Brazil.

We also aim to create a Rails engine for creating sites that do crowdfunding. We have created a project for this at http://github.com/danielweinmann/crowdfunding, but we need your help with the development of this gem. Our idea is to use the code of catharsis as a starting point for creating the engine, and then use the engine in Catharsis. However, we are only going to get this development when we have at least 1 + developer interested in using the gem. This way we can put most of the functionality of these two sites into one place.

You can see the source code in action at http://catarse.me.

== Good practice

Although you have the right to freely use the source, according to the MIT license, we'd appreciate it if you give your changes back to the community.

The aim of open-sourcing Catharsis is to promote crowdfunding in Brazil, a market in creative and collaborative. So if you want to create your site using catharsis as a model, please respect our visual identity:) want to see your site up, but with his face and not ours.

== How to Contribute

Before you contribute, take a good look at our UserVoice ( http://catarse.uservoice.com ) to know what people are asking and what is already in our plans.

Then just do a fork, move, and send a pull request.

We use RSpec and Steak for the tests, and best practices are:

* Please try to ensure 100% test coverage (using rcov)
* Please create acceptance tests for the user interface
* Create control tests only when the features can not be completely covered by the acceptance tests. That is: we give priority to the acceptance tests in relation to tests of controls.

Currently, a number of features are missing acceptance tests. If you do not know how to start, a good way may be contributing to acceptance tests:) any questions, I am available in danielweinmann@gmail.com .

== License

Copyright © 2011 Softa

Licensed under the MIT (see MIT-LICENSE file)
